_
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Get down on the ground!
Everyone on the ground now!
- Move! Move! Move!
- Get on the ground.
Get your ass on the ground.
- You, on the ground!
- Don't kill me.
Get your ass down.
Stay down!
Eyes closed, people!
Better to be a live
victim than a dead witness.
- Take him!
- Oh, no! No!
Walk, walk, walk!
Walk!
Open the door. Open it!
Open it!
What did I tell you? Keep
that fucking head down.
Keep it down!
Come on, come on.
Get up! Move! Move!
Open it.
Stand your ass in the corner.
Don't move.
Give me the card. Give me the card.
Walk.
You want to be a hero?
Some hero.
Stand down!
Stand down! We're outta here! Move!
Anyone who goes near the door
in the next five minutes gets shot.
Go.
Three, two, one.
Clear!
Move!
Cole, take your car.
Cover the three-four.
- Copy.
- Where do you need me, Hammond?
Cole's got the three-four.
- Take the rear.
- Gotcha.
Keep your head down. We've
got active shooters inside.
Copy.
If he would've shown
up ten seconds sooner,
- we would've been screwed.
- But he didn't.
Unit 30-George is 10-90-7.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
They're breaking down
outside containment.
No sign of suspects.
- What is it, Josh?
- Guy's got some serious head trauma.
We're gonna need to transport.
Why don't you jump
in the wagon with him?
Get a statement.
Do it.
You break it, you buy it, asshole.
Twenty "K" each.
- Ooh!
- Leaves us 145.
How much is this lawyer costing us?
Retainer's 50 up front,
the rest goes into the pension fund.
Yeah, hope it hurts, pendejo.
They ever gonna fix the air
conditioner in this place?
All you do is complain, you know that?
- Oh, shut up.
- So when are you seeing Tom?
Tomorrow before shift.
Well, tell him to expect a new lawyer.
He's been asking to
talk to you in person.
Explain to him that
now's not a good time.
If this doesn't show we care,
then I don't know what does.
Hey listen, it got noisy
today when it didn't have to.
So everyone needs to check themselves.
Give me a fucking break, man.
If I didn't ring that kid's bell,
he would've dropped one in me.
He was down and you should
have left it at that.
So if anyone asks
questions about the bank
at the off-training party,
I want to know about it.
I completely forgot.
Someone's gotta text me the day of.
- Pathetic.
- Says the chica that lives by herself.
She's right, Ramos.
I've seen dogs with
longer leashes than you.
- Bitch.
- Let's grab a drink to celebrate.
- I'm buying.
- I'm in.
Nope. Can't.
So is it just me and you?
Pass.
Just add it to the pension.
No one flakes Friday, alright?
They're all gonna be deep,
so we need to represent.
Yeah, buddy.
You ever gonna fix the
damn air conditioner, man?
Winter's coming, until then, use this.
It's a cheap piece of shit.
Just like you.
Hey, I got nothing but
respect for your family,
but you ever use that
tone with me again,
I'll come across this
bar and beat your ass.
Hamm, hold up.
Cole could've given that
kid permanent brain damage.
But he didn't.
Don't blow this off.
He's been out of control
ever since Tom got locked up,
- and you took over.
- I'll get him under control.
You won't. No one can.
Just kick his ass out.
Easy.
If you don't, the other gangs
are gonna see his lack of respect
as a sign that we're weak.
I'm telling you, Hamm,
his attitude's gonna
encourage people like Winters
and the Vipers to make moves against us.
Pete...
if he goes, I go.
That's just the way it is.
You got 15 minutes.
I didn't ask for yard time.
If you're told to use the yard,
you use the yard.
Okay.
Who the hell's this?
You know who this is and you
know what I'm calling about.
Are you speaking for Neckbone now?
I wouldn't be calling if I wasn't.
And tell him, he'd better keep
his mouth shut about our business.
You hear what the man said.
Stay quiet, or else.
You make this go away,
Winters, we all win.
And Neckbone doesn't have to worry
about anything, does he?
We'll make it go away,
but if you run your mouth,
then jail is gonna be
the least of your worries.
Are you running the program here?
Not yet.
Okay. That's all I needed to know.
Time's not up yet.
Girl on the phone says I'm covered.
For now.
Okay.
So... let's play a game.
I don't play.
Nah?
Neither do I.
You willing to risk this
fool gonna stay quiet?
Troy Smith.
Nigga took your oatmeal cookies.
Lined 'em all up on the block.
What a surprise when the nigga who told
thought he was gettin' a treat.
Dead men don't tell tales.
That's what you told me.
Maybe that's why we got her.
It's called risk management.
You getting soft?
I'm getting soft?
Boy, I'll snap your damn neck.
You focus on this new shit
that just hit the street.
I'll handle this, alright?
Good job, boy.
You know I love you, right?
You're lucky you my brother.
Let's go get some food.
"Risk management."
Couple of guys snagged
some chips last night.
- Mostly purples.
- Really?
We got one of 'em.
The other one made it to the front door.
I'll have someone at the
station follow up on it.
I don't care about missing chips.
I'm just tellin' ya because from now on,
it's gonna be a lot tougher for
you to clean your money here.
Security's gonna have a
tight eye on that cage.
Got it.
I'll put some time in at the tables.
Maybe this isn't your game.
Yeah, you're probably right.
Maybe you could buy me a drink later?
Explain the rules?
At least lend me some luck.
You gotta bring your own.
House rules.
- Pete! Pete!
- Hey, Pearl.
There was a strange car
parked on the street yesterday.
- Oh, yeah?
- I have a plate if you're interested.
- I'm not.
- Well, they have no business being here.
Ah, we own the houses,
Pearl, not the curbs.
If they come back, I'm going to
ask them what they're doing, okay?
No, don't do that.
- Why?
- Because you're not a cop, Pearl!
- But...
- And when I'm home,
neither am I. I told you this already.
Have a good one.
- I'm home!
- Hey!
Pearl came by.
She said she needed to talk about a car.
Yeah, I handled it.
- How?
- Oh, the same way I do you.
I listen real good, then I ignore it.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
Oh!
- You gonna ignore me now?
- Shut up, come here.
Ew!
Hey, come here, you little brat.
Oh, I missed you so much.
Did you get the dry cleaning?
Yes, I did.
Yeah, I hear that tone in your voice.
I don't want to go any more than you do.
Maybe we should just send 'em
a gift, and stay home, huh?
I didn't quite hear that.
I said I hope they like our gift.
Uh-huh.
That's what I thought you said.
Come on, princessa, time for school.
Have a good day, mama. Love you!
Love you, too!
Frank.
She's new, right?
Forget it, alright? She's not your type.
Well, she seemed friendly enough.
You're a shit gambler.
She smiled at you
because that's her job.
You hit on her.
No.
Frank...
- Maybe.
- Yeah.
Were the guys that
stole the chips Nigerian?
Yeah, but that doesn't mean that
every Nigerian that
walks through the door
- is gonna be...
- Dirty?
What?
Get your ass up.
Get outta here.
Hey! Why'd you let him go?
Everybody deserves a second chance.
Neckbone sends a
message through Winters.
Says he's working on
something to make this go away.
Neckbone's full of shit.
And so is the lawyer he got you.
He shouldn't have had you do the pick up
if he knew the guy felt wrong.
Look, a man takes responsibility
for his own actions.
I could've walked away at any point.
So it's on me, not him.
You make that withdrawal?
Yeah.
Exactly like you laid it out.
ATM cartridges only.
Yeah, good.
We're getting you a better lawyer, okay?
Someone with more pull
over at the DA's office.
Steve too busy to come here
and tell me that himself?
He's just got a lot on his plate.
If he can't handle the pressure,
he shouldn't have stepped up.
Jesus, I thought he was
gonna do better than this.
Look, I'm sure your mother is gonna want
to visit me at some
point, don't let her.
I don't want her to
see me like this, okay?
Yeah, Dad, I got it.
Okay, son.
She wants the house,
the good car, and half my salary.
Plus, I gotta keep paying the mortgage.
So, how am I supposed to do
that on half a goddamn salary?
- Cheaper to keep her.
- Yeah.
She's the one who wants
the divorce, not me.
Grow some balls.
And instead of whining to me about it,
why don't you talk to Winters?
Tell her you need a bigger taste?
Winters is all about herself.
Just lucky we get the crumbs.
So vote her out.
- You done?
- Yeah.
- Coffee? Dessert?
- No, just the check, please.
You bore me when you're like this.
I got this.
I get how this can be confusing.
What do you mean?
You think I sit here and listen
to your whiny bullshit because I care.
You're driving the car,
and I'm just the passenger.
I mean, you're a good
ride, Foster, but...
I'm the driver.
Not you.
What are you doing here?
Checking on my mom.
She still is my mother.
Is that you, Steve?
Yeah, Ma.
Got you a few things from the store.
He complaining about me again?
You both do your fair
share of complaining.
Can you stay for dinner?
Not if he's gonna be talking
about Dad while I'm eating.
- Don't you even...
- What?
I don't know why you defend the old man.
He got a Green Card and a
whole new start 'cause of you.
What did you get?
You.
And your brother.
Yeah.
You look tired.
You did chemo this morning, right?
I'm fine.
Dinner's gonna be
ready in about an hour.
Why don't you go watch
the game with your brother?
No, he's been acting like
an asshole lately, so no.
Is there a reason why we're
doing this differently now?
Yeah, the casino won't work anymore.
I need another way to explain the cash.
Well, I can't... I can't
have anyone questioning
my Social Security eligibility, Steve.
I know.
I could... lose my health benefits.
Did something happen with Frank?
- Is that it?
- No, Frankie and I are good.
It's just temporary.
Talk to me.
Something happened?
If it was serious, I'd tell you.
I promise.
You.
You Code Four?
Would've put it out if we weren't.
Nice.
Be interesting to see how much
of that actually gets booked.
How's your old man doing?
Why?
You gonna pretend that you care?
I care.
Matter of fact, I talked
to him on the phone.
Neckbone and I both care.
So now you're Neckbone's
Welfare Queen, huh?
Someone had to take your dad's place.
The other one. Spread your legs.
- Here you go, man.
- Alright, man.
Get out of here.
Get your ass outta here.
What the hell are you
searching for? Weapons or fries?
I'm looking for a hamburger.
Officer Beach!
Hands!
Is there a problem, Officer?
What the hell's this?
Hands where we can see 'em, gentlemen.
- Are you serious?
- Relax, we're cops.
Yeah, we know.
And where were you
planning on running to?
Anywhere but their back seat.
So you guys know they're just
trying to get in our heads, right?
I'm Agent Price.
And I know all about the Ravens.
That poor girl is gonna
need a lot of therapy.
And what's that got to do with me?
Three bank robbers got
in, three cops got out.
Any jury's gonna be able
to do the math on that one.
- Looks Photoshopped.
- You think your wife's gonna wait 30 years for you?
Or do you think she's gonna move on?
If you lawyer up, you lose
your chance to help yourself.
I'm not saying anything without Counsel.
The rest of the Ravens
are already cutting deals.
- Now's your chance to do the same.
- Tell me something.
Is your ass jealous of the shit
that comes out of your mouth?
We have identified a dozen
cop gangs within your department.
Gangs?
Don't believe the hype.
They're just social clubs.
Oh, yeah? Well then, I
guess I'm putting together
a RICO case on social clubs.
- Hmm.
- You can play dumb all you want.
It's not gonna do you any good.
We've had our eye on your
department for a while.
Cops on the take, working
with high-level drug dealers,
and then there's this.
So now you've got a choice.
You can either help us take 'em down
or you can go to prison.
I need to know where the money is.
We already spent a chunk of it.
And what's left is in the general fund.
Yeah, we take that back,
it'll make the rest of
the Ravens suspicious.
Mm-hmm.
You'll be released within the
hour, but that doesn't mean
that the money doesn't
need to be accounted for.
Oh, see.
I knew there was
something weird about him.
You've no doubt seen Agent
Byrd around the station
over the last couple of months.
He's a Fed.
He is.
And he's gonna make an
excellent Raven, don't you think?
Hell no!
How else can I make sure that
you're not gonna violate the deal?
They see us with this guy,
we're toast. He's weak!
- That's bullshit.
- It's not.
Everyone at the station
thinks you're a dick.
This is not up for negotiation.
Agent Byrd will be joining the Ravens,
and you will be taking orders from him.
And if either Agent Byrd or I
feel that you're not cooperating,
the indictment's gonna be made public,
and you'll all be re-arrested.
I know all about the Ravens.
What are we gonna do now?
We're screwed.
They've been on us for weeks.
You can either help us take them down
or you can go to prison.
So what's the play?
I say Mexico.
You got family down there
you can trust, right?
I'm fourth generation, babosa.
I don't even know
anybody down in Mexico.
Nobody's leaving.
If one of us splits, we all get screwed.
We're gonna play the game
until we figure a way out.
But right now, our
biggest problem is Byrd.
I want to just punch him in the throat.
Look, to make this work, we
need to sell him as a Raven.
Good luck with that.
Listen, something's come
up since we talked last.
It's not over like I thought.
I can't say exactly.
Maybe another month or two?
It's a RICO case now, and
those don't have a clock on 'em.
Can you put my son on the phone?
Trouble?
It's my kid's birthday today.
- How old is he?
- Seven.
Seven.
Kids are a breeze at seven.
Mine are 18.
Two twins who want to go to college.
Do you have any idea how
much tuition costs nowadays?
What kinda window are we looking at?
It's hard to say.
It depends on where the case takes us.
I didn't sign up for
something long term like this.
You're stressing over missing
a 7-year-old's birthday?
Give me a break! If I made
it home for a birthday,
or a special event once a
year, I considered it a win.
But that's just me. You're
free to quit at any time.
When I tell you to be somewhere at 8:00,
it means just that.
So how are we gonna do this?
You gonna introduce me
to the other Ravens first?
No.
I run the program, they
don't question my choices.
And in front of them, neither do you.
Get inside.
Yo. Have a drink.
I'm good.
It's an off-training party, dumbass.
Have a drink so you
look like everyone else.
You work for me, not
the other way around.
Have a drink, Byrd.
Those guys right there
eyeballing us are Berserkers.
I know about 'em. Racist assholes.
And because of that, they're
just itching for a reason
to light your fuse.
If we didn't show you how to act,
they'd eat you alive,
so listen to what we say.
Hey, what are you talking
to a Viper for, huh?
- Is it your business?
- Yes.
It's my business.
Fuck a guy once and
he thinks he owns you.
We were both drunk,
and you weren't that good.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm asking as a Raven, okay?
So what were you talking to him about?
He was curious about Byrd.
In what way?
In a curious way.
What a dick.
Jesus. He looks like he's
on goddamn surveillance.
Because he is.
Winters jammed me up at the bar.
Told me to tell you
there's a summit in ten.
About what?
- She didn't say.
- Jesus, Pete.
- We need him to relax or get the hell out.
- Yeah.
I'm on it.
- Wanna do me a favor?
- Yeah.
See that guy in the
burgundy shirt over there?
Thanks, baby.
I'm calling this meeting
'cause we need to
re-establish some ground rules.
- About what?
- You been hitting their stash houses again, Kilvinsky?
We don't truck in this
drama queen's hood.
We got our own cash
cows on the east side.
You guys were seen sniffing
around meth labs in our area.
Why?
Legitimate follow-up on
a domestic violence case.
Nothing to do with the agreement.
You didn't tax them?
We earn plenty from the
Ukrainians. Why would we?
You must have. It was a cook,
and they didn't go to jail.
You got specifics, Winters?
If not, it's just you being
the paranoid bitch that you are.
There's an agreement already in place.
We only earn within the
boundaries we patrol.
If you tax them, Kilvinsky,
you're in the wrong.
Give her the goddamn money,
and let's get this thing over with!
That ain't gonna cut
it. I want a sanction.
- Like what?
- I want all the dope tax north of the freeway.
- Here we go.
- Not gonna happen.
You still get the south bay
as well as the west side.
The hell are you talking
about? We're not going for that!
You're not in charge, Winters.
We all run our own program.
Damn straight.
Make this right, Kilvinsky.
Fine.
We'll kick you back the tax.
Plus interest.
You're lucky you're
getting what you're getting.
Exactly. You're lucky to get anything.
- Is that right?
- Yeah, that's correct.
I try to give you
something every single time.
There's always something else.
And all you do is talk, talk, talk.
- What's that?
- I just got a text.
We're on for a meet
tomorrow night with Sleep.
Same place as last time.
Sleep?
That somebody I need to know about?
It's a guy we deal with.
Nobody you're ready to meet.
Who's this?
He's with us.
A new Raven, huh? You got a name?
Byrd.
We were in the middle of a
conversation, do you mind?
Yeah, no problem.
Just getting a beer.
What was that about?
You're a new face, man.
People are gonna be curious.
So, what's the meeting
about tomorrow night?
I dunno.
Sleep is a sketchy
son-of-a-bitch.
It could be something.
It could be Sleep just running
his mouth like he usually does.
We'll let you know, Birdman.
Why don't you come
outside with me, Birdie?
Hey, hey, hey.
Come on, let's have fun!
How do you know my name?
Watch it, dumbass.
- My bad.
- Yeah, it was.
Now be a good little
"brotha" and go take a walk
before you get hurt.
What?
Are you mad at me talking
to you like that, boy?
I'm not your boy.
Alright, alright, alright!
Chill out.
Y'all know there's no fighting
while we're all under the same roof.
Cool it.
You want some? Come on.
You want some too?
Whatchu lookin' at?
Simmer down, simmer down.
Sit your ass down!
Looks like you had one too many, Byrd.
Listen man, why don't you park
it right here for the night
- and let Cole take you home?
- Screw you.
Somebody put something in my drink.
You mean like ice cubes or what?
- You think this is funny?
- Relax, relax.
Listen, man, you did good tonight.
You held your own in front
of the Berserkers, man.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah!
Now you look like one of us.
Who's Sleep?
Why are you meeting
with him tomorrow night?
- Man, like I said, you're not ready.
- Bullshit!
From now on, I'm making...
You can't even fit in
with these pendejos,
let alone a dude like Sleep!
You refusing to do what I say?
Thought so.
What the hell happened to you?
You wanted me to fit in, right?
This is what it looks like.
Good.
Now it feels like
you're in it to win it.
Look, I know you want to go home,
but a case like this is worth the grief.
We can both ride this
thing to a promotion.
No case is worth getting a divorce over.
Relationships can be rebuilt, Damon.
Careers not so much.
- You still married?
- Nope.
Exactly.
You, uh, you ever hear about
a local gangster named Sleep?
Cornell Barnes. They call him
Sleep because he never does.
Is he a big player?
His brother Neckbone's bigger.
Sleep is a functioning coke-head.
He does a lot of the
dirty work. What about him?
Ravens are meeting with him tonight.
Makes sense. They've both got
a lot of cops on the payroll.
- I'll be at the meeting.
- Good.
Press him about his brother, Neckbone.
We get our hooks into him,
we can go up on a wire.
Get his suppliers. What is it?
You wanted me to remind you about
the status update meeting, ma'am.
The SAC's waiting.
I'll let you know how it goes.
You get us Neckbone, and I can guarantee
you'll land an ASAC
assignment closer to home.
He's solo?
Rolled up by himself.
I circled the block.
I didn't see anyone
hugging the gutters, man.
Does he usually have back-up?
Sometimes.
He's a paranoid cabron, so
it changes up all the time.
Not "tinfoil hat" paranoid.
"Shoot you in the face" paranoid.
Mm-hmm, that's why
you need to stay here.
Let us deal with him.
Yeah, we'll fill you in on
the details after the meet.
Hell no.
- Ain't happening.
- He's gonna get us killed.
It's not up for debate.
I see Hammond.
I see Cole.
I see Ramos.
I see the Bitch.
It's pronounced "Beach."
I also see a new face.
Why?
Name's Byrd.
Why is Byrd here?
You know I don't like bringing
strange weeds into my garden.
How do I know Byrd ain't a cop?
We're all cops, Sleep.
You're a crazy motherfucker.
I need an answer from you.
You ever seen this shit before?
No. What is it?
The package says Weapon
of Mass Destruction.
But the only thing it's
destroying is my brother's profits.
It's some synthetic shit.
Who's moving it?
I don't know.
That's what I need you for.
Open bounty for the
first person to find out.
Ain't no prize for second
place, you feelin' me?
We can do that.
You want it stopped.
We'll see what we can do.
No. I want to find out who makes it.
It's the future. I want to live in it.
We'll look into it.
Looks like a pharmaceutical.
I don't like his eyes, Hammond.
Close your eyes, Byrd.
- We done?
- No.
Tell me about yourself, new guy.
- What?
- You're a Raven, right?
Show me your tattoo.
He hasn't got it yet. Been busy.
"Busy."
Busy.
Let me see your phone.
Why?
'Cause a man's phone tells me
everything I need to know about him.
- Sleep, get back in the car.
- Hammond, stay out of this.
- Cut the shit.
- Go home.
Look, if you don't show me his phone,
I'm gonna start thinking this a set-up.
Give him the damn phone.
You call your mom a lot, huh, new guy?
That's sweet.
Okay, you've seen it.
Now give me my phone.
Hey, hey, relax.
Let's give your mother a call.
See how she doin'.
Your mother got a real deep voice.
- Put it down, Sleep. Put it down!
- What are you doing?
This snitch-ass nigga a
Fed! You tried to set me up.
- He ain't a Fed! Put the goddamn gun down.
- Be smart, Sleep!
The number he just dialed on my
cell phone was the FBI office.
- Son of a bitch.
- Listen, you can't let him leave right now!
If you do, you're just
as screwed as I am.
- Do you wanna die?
- Don't let him do this!
- Shut up.
- Sleep.
Listen to me, man. You
got leverage right now.
Think about it.
None of us wants this
to hit the streets.
And you don't want to go to jail.
Good news. Byrd can cut you a deal.
He's telling the truth.
He's telling the truth. I can fix this!
Do the right thing, Sleep!
Think about it, Sleep.
I am. I don't snitch.
- Go, go, go, go!
- Shit!
Byrd, get your ass up!
Go, go, go, go!
I'm on him! I'm on him!
Come on!
Left! Left! Left!
I got him, I got him.
Come on!
Clear!
That way, that way!
Come on! You son of a bitch!
- Go! Go! Go!
- Up top! Up top!
Go, go, go, go!
Go round the side!
Come on!
I see him!
I'm on him! I'm on him!
You see him? You see him?
- Come on!
- He's right there! Go up top! Go up top!
He's jumping the roof!
- Shit, come on!
- He jumped!
- Watch out, Hammond!
- Come on!
- Come on, this way!
Get your shit together.
What are we gonna do now?
Byrd.
We can't call this in.
Too many people are on
his brother's payroll.
So, if the uniforms show up,
they're gonna wanna know
why Sleep ran from us.
And that means Neckbone
is gonna have questions.
Ones we can't answer.
We didn't kill him.
It was an accident, you understand?
You're saying we just walk away?
It's not that simple.
We can't just leave the body.
If Sleep's people know
he was meeting with us...
No way!
Now I gotta look over my shoulder
for the rest of my life,
because you messed up!
Shut the hell up. Let me think.
I'll make a call.
Maybe the bureau can
make this disappear.
Nah, this is a public place.
Word will get out. It always does.
And you had opiates in
your system last night, man.
Everybody, stop!
They're right, Byrd.
You're screwed.
And it's because you don't listen.
But so are we.
So right now, we need
each other. You understand?
I need to know you understand.
What are you gonna do with him?
Make him disappear.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org